I bet your name's Mickey, 'cause you're so fine.
Hey, pretty mama. You smell kinda pretty, wanna smell me?
I better get out my library card, 'cause I'm checkin' you out.
If you were a booger, I'd pick you.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
I've been bad, take me to your room.
I think Heaven's missing an angel.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got FINE written all over you.
Can I have your phone number? I seem to have lost mine.
I cant help to notice but you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Aren't your feet tired? Because you've been running through my mind all day.
I must be asleep, 'cause you are a dream come true.
How you doin'?
If I said you had a good body, would you hold it against me?
Hey, baby cakes.
Nice butt.
Did you ever realize that screw rhymes with me and you?
I love you like a fat kid loves cake.
Do you believe in love at first sight? Or should I walk by again...?
Girl, did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Cause your face is all sorts of jacked up.
Do you have a map? I think I just got lost in your eyes.
Want to see my good side? Hah, that was a trick question, all I have are good sides.
Now you're officially my woman. Kudos! I can't say I don't envy you.
I wish I was one of your tears, so I could be born in your eye, run down your cheek, and die on your lips.
It’s a good thing I wore my gloves today; otherwise, you’d be too hot to handle.
I lost my phone number, can I have yours?
I'm here, where are your other two wishes?
Apart from being beautiful, what do you do for a living?
Hi, I'm Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me.
Are you from Tennessee? Cause you're the only TEN I see.
Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.
Excuse me, but I think you dropped something. MY JAW!
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
Where have you been all my life?
I'm just a love machine, and I don't work for nobody but you.
You are almost as beautiful as my sister. But well, you know, that’s illegal.
Are you lost? Because it’s so strange to see an angel so far from heaven.
Your daddy must have been a baker, because you've got a nice set of buns.
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
Whenever I see you I feel like a dog dying to get out of the car.
I wish I were on Facebook so I could poke you.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
Are you my Appendix? Because I don't know that much about you, but I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day...all I'm asking for is one from you.
If I received a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.
Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment... Want to help prove him wrong?
If you were a transformer, your name would be Optimus Fine.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
Are you an alien, cause you're out of this world.
Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!
Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir.
I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.
Be unique and different, say yes.
Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.
Are you a magnet, cause I'm attracted to you.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
I hope you know CPR, cuz you take my breath away!
Could you do me a favor? *hold out hand* Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
You're so hot, even my pants are falling for you!
Do you sleep on your stomach? No, can I?
Don't you think most people who use pick-up lines are dipsticks? Yes, in that case, mind if I check your oil level?
I'm easy. Are you?
Hi, will you help me find my lost puppy? I think he went into this cheap motel room across the street.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I suck at pick up lines, nice butt.
Are you a git? Cuz I'd like to commit to you!
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
You had me at "Hello World."
You still use Internet Explorer? Wow nvm bye.
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine!
You've stolen the ASCII to my heart.
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping?
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty.
You must be Windows 95 because you've got me feeling so unstable.
I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up.
Want to see my Red Hat?
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
You put the SPARC in my workstation.
You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo.
I'd switch to Windows for you.
What's a nice girl like you doing in a chatroom like this?
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Hey, how 'bout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU.
I'd like to play on your laptop.
Where's the 'like' button for that smile?
You totally spiked my traffic.
You are the Apple of my iMac.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I'll give you sudo access.
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
Your homepage or mine?
You auto-complete me.
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account? [what?] I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten.
What do you say we play a game of "Words With More Than Friends?"
Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff, all my base are belong to you.
I googled your name earlier... I clicked on 'I'm Feeling Lucky.'
Girl, you are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare.
Hey girl, can you sit on my laptop?
